Welcome to my healthcare app MEDIPILL. I will be taking you through the steps of how to use the app.

Step 0: Fireabse
	⁃	I have given access to all the examiners to my Firebase account as viewers. Please check your uni emails to activate the invitation. Please do email me if you have not received / can’t find the email!

Step 1: let's create an account for our care home
	⁃	After running the code swipe through the onboarding screens or keep pressing the next button until you come to the Sign up page.
	⁃	On the Sign up page fill in the relevant details.
	⁃	You can now view your login details on Firebase on the Authentication page.
	⁃	Well done! You have now successfully created an account for your care home :)

Step 2: Add Patients
	⁃	As you can see the Patients List screen will be empty since you just created an account.
	⁃	Click on the green add profile button at the bottom of the screen to add a Patient.
	⁃	Fill out the relevant details on this screen.
	⁃	Well done! You have now successfully added a Patient :)

Step 3: Add Medications
	⁃	You can now view your patient details on the medication List Screen
	⁃	Let's add a Medication for our new Patient.
	⁃	Click the pill icon on the bottom left of the screen.
	⁃	Fill out the relevant details (eg. Bupropion, 300mg)
	⁃	FOR TESTING PURPOSES: let's repeat this medication every 1 minute so you can view the notifications quickly)
	⁃	Well done! You have now successfully added a Medication for your Patient :)

Step 4: Edit Medications
	⁃	The doctor has decided that the patient no longer needs this medication!
	⁃	Let's delete the Medication for our new Patient.
	⁃	Click the Edit button on the Medication we want to remove.
	⁃	FOR TESTING PURPOSES: you can either test deleting the medication or editing it.
	⁃	You can view the medication on the Firebase Firestore Database under PatientProfile.
	⁃	Well done! You have now successfully edited/ removed a Medication :)

Step 5: Add an Appointment
	⁃	We now have to add an appointment for our Patient.
	⁃	On the Medication list screen for our patient click the calendar icon on the bottom right.
	⁃	Now click the calendar icon at the bottom
	⁃	Now add an appointment whenever using the built-in calendar.
	⁃	Well done! You have now successfully added an Appointment :)

Step 6: Testing
	⁃	Once closing the app you are now able to login into your profile continuously using the credentials you set up earlier. 
	⁃	Feel free to add more patients/medications to test the search bars on the Patient / Medication list screens

Enjoy testing my healthcare app for care home staff !!
