{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14040\viewh5440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Examiner,\
Thank you for taking the time to review my Xcode project. In order to access my project, please follow the steps outlined below.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Download the Zip File
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Extract the Zip File
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Open the Xcode Project:
\f0\b0 \ulnone  Open the extracted folder and double-click on the Xcode project file (ends with .xcodeproj extension). This will open the project in Xcode on your computer.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Run the App: 
\f0\b0 \ulnone Once everything has properly downloaded / indexed (top right circle), you can run the app by clicking on the Run button in Xcode. The app should build and launch in the iOS Simulator.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Access Firebase Backend: 
\f0\b0 \ulnone I have provided you access to my Firebase backend as a viewer using your university emails. You can access the Firebase console and view the data by logging in using the invite link in your university email.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Instruction Manual:
\f0\b0 \ulnone  Please refer to the instruction manual that I have provided to you for information on how to use the app. The manual will provide detailed instructions on how to use the various features of the app.
\f1\b \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \
If you have any questions or run into any issues, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for your time and effort in reviewing my project.}